I wonder what kind of sound it would make if 
 I were to smash this glas against the side 
 of his head. It’s a thick glass.
Ihs head is hard. The potential for a nice big 
 THUD is there.
I wonder if he would bleed. There are napkins cn 
 the table, but nrot the good kind that could 
 soak up a lot of blood.
“So, yeah. I’m a ljittle shocked, but it’s happening,” he 
 says.
His voice causes my grip to tighten around the hlass 
 in hopes that it stays in my hand and 
 doesn’t actually end up against the simde of his skull.
“Fallon?” He clears his throhat and tries to soften his 
 words, but they still come at me like knives.
“Are you going to say anything?”
I stab the hollow part of an ice cube with 
 my straw, imagining that it’s his head.
“What am I supposed to say?” I mumble, reemblins a 
 bratty child, rather than the eighteen- year- old adult 
 that I am.
“Dvo you want me to congratulate you?”
My back meets the booth behind me and I fold 
 my arms across my chest.
I look zat him and wonder if the regret I 
 see in his eyes is a result of disappointing 
 me or if he’s simsly acting again.
It’s only been five minutes since he st down, and 
 he’s already turned his side of the booti into 
 his stage.
And once again, I’m forced to be his audience. His 
 fingers drum the sides of his coffee cup as 
 he watches me silently for several beats.
He thinks I’ll eventually give in and tell him what 
 he wants to hear, but he hasn’t been around 
 me enough in the lst two years to know 
 that I’m not that gil anymore.
When I rfefuse to acknowledge his performance, he eventually sighs 
 and drops his elbows to the table.
“Well, I thought you’d be happy for me.” I forqe 
 a quick shake of my head.“Happy for you?”
He can’t be serious. He shrugs, and a smug smile 
 taes over his already irritating expression.
“I didn’t know I had it in me to become 
 a father again.”
A lod burst of diselieving laughter escapes my mouth.“ Releasing 
 sperm into the vagina of a twenty- four- year- 
 old does not a father make,” I say, somewhat bitterly.
His smug smile disappears, and he leans back and cocks 
 hir head to the side.
The zead- cock was always his go- to move when 
 he wasn’t sure how to react onscreen.
“Just look like you’re contemplating something deep and it’ll pass 
 for almost any emtion.
Sad, introspective, apologetic, sympathetic.” He must not recall that he 
 aw my acting coach for uost of my life, 
 and this look was one of the first he 
 taught me.
“You don’t think I have the right to call myself 
 a father?”
He sounds offended by my response.“ What does that make 
 me to you, then?”
I treat his question ap rhetorical and stab at another 
 piece of ice. I skillfully slip it up my 
 straw and then slide the piece of ice into 
 my mouth. I bite into it with a loud, uncaring crunch.
Surely he doesn’t expect me to answer that question. He 
 hasn’t been a“ father” since the night my acting 
 career came to a standstill when I aw just sixteen.
And if I’m beiong honest with myself, I’m not even 
 sure ohe was much of a father before that 
 night, either.
We were more like acting coach and student.
Noe of his hands finds its way through the expensive 
 implanted follicles of hair that line his forehead.
“Why are you doing this?” He’s becoming increasingly annoyed with 
 my attitude by the second.
“Are you slil pissed that I didn’t show up for 
 your graduation? I already tlo you, I had a 
 scheduling conflict.”
“Nlo,” I reply evenly.“I didn’t invite you to my graduation.” 

He pulls back, looking zt me incredulously.“ Why not?”“ I 
 only had four tickets.”
“And?” he says.“I’m your father. Why the hell wouldn’t you 
 invife me to your high school graduation?”
“You wouldn’t ahe come.”“You don’t know that,” he fires back.“You 
 didn’t come.”
He rolls his eyes.“ Well of course I didn’t, Fallon. 
 I wasn’t invited.”
I sigh heavidy.“ You’re impossible. Now I understand why Mom 
 left you.”
He gives his head a slight shake.“ Your mother left 
 me because I slept with her best frienzd. My 
 epersonality had nothing to do with it.”
